Using conditional rendering, we can make the output
of a functional component depend on its properties.
So if we have functional component named Feature and
it has a property named active,
we can change the output whether active is true or false.
So let's set it to true for this first example.
And then we will use some if statements to make the output
depending on whether it's true or false.
So if(props.active == true) we'll make the output,
This feature is ON.
And if otherwise, we can make it, This feature is OFF.
So since it's true, it's saying This feature is ON.
But if we change this to false,
the component now says This feature is OFF.
So we can also do this in one line using
the in-line conditional operator.
So if we return, This feature is, and
then put in our conditional operator, props.active.
It has to be surrounded by curly braces since it's a JavaScript
expression.
So props.active, And
then put in "ON":"OFF".
And as you can see,
it has the same results as that if statement.
If we change it to true, it goes This features ON.
The outputs of a functional component can also be prevented
from rendering.
So in this example let's pretend there is a feature component and
it has a property called active.
And let's set that to false.
If we write an if statement that checks if props.active == false,
and then we return null, then nothing will be rendered.
And if it is active, then we can return something else,
This feature is active.
So for now since active is false and
it returns null, nothing gets rendered.
But if we change it to true, the feature will be rendered.
This can also be done using the double ampersand operator.
So if we wrote,
return props.active
&& this React element,
it will check if props.active is true.
And if this is true, then it will render the whole thing.
But if this is false, It won't render it.
And the way this works is because with the double
ampersand operator, true and
an expression will always evaluate to the expression.
While false and the expression will always evaluate to false,
which gets converted to null and then doesn't render.